extensive expansion of MediaConvert adapter docs (#101)
samvera-labs/active_encode: guides/media_convert_adapter.md

```ruby
ActiveEncode::Base.engine_adapter = :media_convert
ActiveEncode::Base.engine_adapter.setup!
```

The active AWS user/role when calling the `#setup!` method will require permissions to create the
necessary CloudWatch and EventBridge resources.

The `setup!` task will create an EventBridge rule name and CloudWatch log group name based on the MediaConvert queue setting, by default `"Default"`. So:
* EventBridge rule: `active-encode-mediaconvert-Default`
* Log group name: `/aws/events/active-encode/mediaconvert/Default`

The names chosen will respect the `log_group` and `queue` config though, if set.

## Configuration

Some parameters are set as (typically global) configuration, while others are passed in as parameters to `create`. Here we'll discuss the configuration.

* `role`. Required. An IAM role that the MediaConvert job will run under. This is [required by MediaConvert](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/mediaconvert/latest/ug/iam-role.html), it can't just use your current AWS credentials.

* `output_bucket`. Required.  An S3 bucket name, all output will be written to this bucket, at a path prefix specified in the `create` call.

> * `log_group`. Optional, unusual. Specify the name name of the CloudWatch log group to use for logging. By default, will be constructed automatically from the MediaConvert queue to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `log_group`. Optional, unusual. Specify the name of the CloudWatch log group to use for logging. By default, will be constructed automatically from the MediaConvert queue to use.
```

The IAM identity, in order to issue MediaConvert jobs and get output information from CloudWatch, will need the following permissions, such as in this example policy:

```json
{
  "Version": "2012-10-17",
  "Statement": [
    {
      "Sid": "mediaconvertActions",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "mediaconvert:*",
      "Resource": "*"
    },
    {
      "Sid": "iamPassRole",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "iam:PassRole",
      "Resource": "arn:aws:iam::111122223333:role/MediaConvertRole"
    },
    {
      "Sid": "logsStartQuery",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "logs:StartQuery",
      "Resource": "*"
    },
    {
      "Sid": "logsGetQuery",
      "Effect": "Allow",
      "Action": "logs:GetQueryResult",
      "Resource": "*"
    },
  ]
}
```

> Where the `iamPassRole` resource is the role you will pass in the `role` configuration. The logs: permissions could probably additionally be limited to the specific CloudWatch log group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where the `iamPassRole` resource is the role you will pass in the `role` configuration. The `logsStartQuery` and `logsGetQuery` permissions could probably additionally be limited to the specific CloudWatch log group.
```
